Move the plotting section to map docs (#6870)
sunpy/sunpy: docs/intro/maps.rst

sunpy makes use of `Matplotlib <https://matplotlib.org/>`_ for all of its plotting - as such, it tries to follow the Matplotlib plotting philosophy.
We refer the reader to the `Matplotlib usage documentation <https://matplotlib.org/stable/users/explain/api_interfaces.html>`__ to learn more about the Matplotlib and to become familiar with the basics.
To be consistent with Matplotlib, sunpy has developed a standard plotting interface which supports both simple and advanced Matplotlib usage.

peek()
------
For quick and easy access to a plot `~sunpy.map.GenericMap` and `~sunpy.timeseries.GenericTimeSeries` (see next section), both define their own ``peek()`` methods which create a plot for you and show it without you having to deal with any Matplotlib setup.
This is so that it is easy to take a quick look at your data.

For example, to create a plot just type:

.. plot::
    :include-source:

    import sunpy.map
    import sunpy.data.sample
    aia_map = sunpy.map.Map(sunpy.data.sample.AIA_171_IMAGE)
    aia_map.peek()

This creates a plot window with all axes defined, a plot title, and the image of the map data defined by the contents of the map.

> In non-interactive mode the plot window blocks the command line terminal and must be closed before doing anything else.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In non-interactive mode the plot window blocks execution and must be closed before doing anything else.
```
This then covers running from a script too
